Drugs, drugs, drugs; euphoria in the evening, come-down in the morning.
Addiction in this film has never been so beautifully shot and edited.
Presented in a beautifully depressing, yet tonal piece of art
capturing the intensity of drug addiction's effects, and the destructive lifestyle that ensues.
Bleak, graphic and grungy--an all-around feel-bad movie.
Tighten that tourniquet.
You ready?
Here's Requiem for a Dream.
During the summer in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn,
widow Sara Goldfarb spends her time watching
electrifying infomercials.
Meanwhile, her son Harry occasionally pawns
her cherished television to fund the recreational
drug use of his best friend Tyrone and his
loving girlfriend Marion.
After Sara receives a call that she has won
a spot on a television game show, she becomes
excited about attending it in her fancy red
dress she used to wear with her husband.
However, she is very disappointed to learn
that she no longer fits into it.
After failing a strict diet, an unscrupulous
physician prescribes her a regimen of weight-loss
amphetamines.
She begins losing weight, while becoming manic.
Weight loss pills in reality do exist.
At the very least, historically
Harry and Tyrone dream of becoming big drug
dealers, having all the drugs and money they
need, and at first their small-time dealing
business thrives.
Harry and Marion are deeply in love, and Harry
tells her that he will soon have enough to
launch the clothing design business she desires.
Sara and her friends wait expectantly every
day for the game show invitation to arrive.
Harry stops by to give his doting mother an
impressive television, but when he implores
her to get off the amphetamines, she confesses
that the only thing she has to live for anymore
is the dream of looking glamorous on a television
stage, and the extra attention she receives
now from her friends.
As Sara’s tolerance for the amphetamines
increases, she craves the high she once had,
while becoming frantic about the invitation.
When she increases her dosage she develops
amphetamine psychosis.
When Tyrone is arrested, Harry has to use
most of their earned money to post bail.
The local supply of heroin becomes restricted,
and they are unable to find any for either
use or sale.
Eventually, Tyrone hears of a large shipment
coming, but the price is doubled and the minimum
high.
Harry, desperate, suggests Marion ask her
psychiatrist for money in exchange for affection;
she does so at great cost to her romance.
When the drug buy goes bad, Harry returns
empty-handed to Marion, who is desperate for
heroin, and they argue.
He departs after giving her the number of
a pimp who trades heroin for sex.
Harry and Tyrone decide that to put their
business back on track, they will drive to
Florida to buy directly from the wholesaler
there.
After a series of horrifying hallucinations,
Sara flees her apartment for the office of
the casting agency in Manhattan, to confirm
when she will be on TV.
She is taken away by ambulance and committed
to a psychiatric ward where she is subjected
to degrading treatments.
When none work, the physician induces a barely
lucid Sara to approve electroconvulsive therapy.
Driving to Miami, Harry and Tyrone visit a
hospital because of Harry's increasingly infected
needle injection sites.
The doctor notices the symptoms of drug abuse,
and Harry and Tyrone are arrested.
Back in New York, Marion has sex with the
pimp to get heroin.
Recognizing her addiction, he entices her
with a bigger score of heroin if she returns
that weekend for a party.
In the climax, Tyrone does hard labor in jail
while being taunted by guards and suffers
from drug withdrawal; Harry’s infected arm
is amputated; Sara undergoes violent electroshock
therapy; and Marion is humiliated as the subject
of sexual acts at the pimp’s sex party.
When Sara's friends come to the hospital to
visit, they are distraught by her almost vegetative
state.
Harry wakes crestfallen after the amputation,
knowing that Marion will not be visiting him.
Tyrone suffers in the prison workhouse remembering
his childhood when he was with his mother.
Marion lies on her sofa comforted by the heroin
she injected, clutching the large bag she
earned.
That night, Sara dreams she wins the grand
prize on a show hosted by her favorite TV
host, with Harry as the guest of honor.